Update git lab integration documentation (#15446)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/gitlab-integration/README.md

> - Comments
> - Issues events
> - Merge request events
> - Pipeline events 

> > **Note**: Please note that the *Pipeline events* part of the integration is still in the early stages. If you have any feedback on the *Pipeline events*, please let us know [here](https://github.com/btey/openproject-gitlab-integration/issues/43).

Reviewer: We requested the author to archive the original plugin, since it was merged into OpenProject. (https://github.com/btey/openproject-gitlab-integration/pull/60)

I suggest using the new OPEN POINT work package to collect any feedback.

```suggestion
> **Note**: Please note that the *Pipeline events* part of the integration is still in the early stages. If you have any feedback on the *Pipeline events*, please let us know [here](https://community.openproject.org/wp/54574).
```
